README.md, before:

<h1 align= "center">🐥 뽀모닭 1.1.0 - Flutter 마이그레이션</h1>
<p align="center" width="100%">
<img src="https://d2quahb2ygxiv.cloudfront.net/6b6dc92b5b1ca2b81459a.png" alt="main_1 img" width="30%" />
</p>

### 플러터로 마이그레이션

구글 플레이 스토어 버전: 1.1.0

#### Task 1.1.0

- [x] 내정보 수정
- [x] timer-options modal
- [x] local notification
- [x] vibration alarm
- [x] timerPage keep screen
- [x] confetti
- [x] streak grade tooltip
- [x] together timer

- [x] feature: 계정 삭제
- [x] enhancement: improve heatmap tip
- [x] feature: allow users to change system settings, such as vibration, on timer-page
- [x] feature: character inventory sorting (grade, name, id)
- [x] feature: check for app updates available in market & display alert dialog

#### Task 1.1.1

- [x] fix: item_inventory data synchronization bug
- [x] fix: memberTimeDisplay Inconsistency Bug in GroupTimer When Restarted after being in Background for too long
- [x] refactor: timer-related logic & views
- [x] fix: fix height in item_inventory_section so items beyond 3 are alightly visible

#### Task 1.1.2

- [ ] fix: socket connection for background app
- [ ] feature: add Google AdMob
- [ ] enhance: free_egg rewards -> point reward that can be upgraded with admob

## Next Versions

- [ ] feature: character collection
- [ ] feature: user guide

Commit message:

Fix TimeDisplay of Socket Connection for LoggedIn User for Background

README.md, after:

<h1 align= "center">🐥 뽀모닭 1.1.0 - Flutter 마이그레이션</h1>
<p align="center" width="100%">
<img src="https://d2quahb2ygxiv.cloudfront.net/6b6dc92b5b1ca2b81459a.png" alt="main_1 img" width="30%" />
</p>

### 플러터로 마이그레이션

구글 플레이 스토어 버전: 1.1.0

#### Task 1.1.0

- [x] 내정보 수정
- [x] timer-options modal
- [x] local notification
- [x] vibration alarm
- [x] timerPage keep screen
- [x] confetti
- [x] streak grade tooltip
- [x] together timer

- [x] feature: 계정 삭제
- [x] enhancement: improve heatmap tip
- [x] feature: allow users to change system settings, such as vibration, on timer-page
- [x] feature: character inventory sorting (grade, name, id)
- [x] feature: check for app updates available in market & display alert dialog

#### Task 1.1.1

- [x] fix: item_inventory data synchronization bug
- [x] fix: memberTimeDisplay Inconsistency Bug in GroupTimer When Restarted after being in Background for too long
- [x] refactor: timer-related logic & views
- [x] fix: fix height in item_inventory_section so items beyond 3 are alightly visible

#### Task 1.1.2

- [x] fix: fix time_display of socket connection for logged_in user for background app
- [ ] feature: add Google AdMob
- [ ] enhance: free_egg rewards -> point reward that can be upgraded with admob

## Next Versions

- [ ] feature: character collection
- [ ] feature: user guide
